feat: Adding ksqlDB Query Status metric. (#9283)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/reference/metrics.md

### Attributes

**ksqlDB query tatus**

`ksql-query-status`

The current ksqlDB status of the given query.   

> The metric `query-status` shows the Kafka Streams application state.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metric `query-status` shows the {{ site.kstreams }} application state.  
```

> The `PAUSE` / `RESUME` commands do not impact the Kafka Streams state, so this new metric shows when a query is paused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PAUSE` / `RESUME` commands do not impact the {{ site.kstreams }} state, so this new metric shows when a query is paused.
```

**Query status**

`query-status`

> The current Kafka Streams status of the given query.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current {{ site.kstreams }} status of the given query.  
```

> Note that `ksql-query-status` has been added to show the ksqlDB query status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ksql-query-status` metric has been added to show the ksqlDB query status.
```
